I've been creating various performance
cars in this Forza horizon 2 custom car
build series so far so this time I
fancied making a cool ride that isn't
designed to go as fast as humanly
possible
I remember the Land Rover Defender being
requested in the comments of an earlier
video and it's a car actually ad
available from the day 1 pack just
waiting in my auto show for me to
download for free so whether than a
quick engine swap to a 6.2 liter v8
everything about this car is stuck I'll
basically be using this one just to
cruise around and discover those barn
finds often tell XP boards that are
lurking in the woods so it didn't really
need any major upgrades in its
performance or handling there's a nice
mix of visual upgrades available though
from various bash guards and off-road
related accessories my choice was the
deleted from bumper the roof basket
snorkel inside steps followed by a cool
set of 17-inch momo wheels
sticking with the standard knobbly
off-road tires for the paintwork I went
with this nice bluey gray color then
blacked out the windows I made a nice
quick simple little build but there was
something missing from my little green
liner it was far too clean so I went
into the decal editor and used one of
these sputter shapes to add some foam
motive behind each wheel I gave it a
little test drive on one of the
cross-country races and while it's not
blazingly fast it's still good fun to
browse across fields and over those big
jumps after do a free-roaming episode
with this car and use it to explore some
of those unseen areas into these pores
that rise into map so let me know down
in the comments if you're interested in
seeing that otherwise thanks for
watching now catch y'all later
[Music]
you